Heartbeats (#131)
memfault/interrupt: _drafts/heartbeats.md

subtle changes, such as an "optimization" that ended up causing high file system
churn (which reduced battery life), or issues that crop up when connected over
certain transports or to different mobile phone models. These issues were only
caught in one of two ways: either a customer angry enough would submit a bug
report, or we'd catch the regression on our internal dashboards which were
powered by our suite of SQL queries that would run periodically.

<!-- excerpt start -->

In this post, we will lay the foundation for how an organization should
instrument their embedded firmware to measure performance, stability, and the
overall "health" of each device and an entire fleet of devices. We will compare
and contrast the various approaches that projects generally take and discuss why
I believe the strategy of heartbeats is the clear winner.

<!-- excerpt end -->

This post is guaranteed to be the tip of the iceberg in a series of posts about
how to do device monitoring _properly_ at scale. With this in mind, this post
will be slightly more high-level than a typical "Interrupt" post.

{% include newsletter.html %}

> {% include toc.html %}

Author: I know! It was an external contributor too.

piggy-back off of their existing UART logging setup that developers used for
local debugging. The programmer writes various logs that they think are
important.

```
[E][1598845590] Flash sector write error: 6
[I][1598845592] Battery status: 67%, 3574 mV
```

The device firmware generates these logs and writes them to a RAM buffer and
eventually flushed to persistent storage such as NOR flash in a circular buffer
fashion. Periodically, these logs are vacuumed up by the system and pushed (or
pulled) to a central location, usually, an AWS S3 bucket segmented by device, to
rest indefinitely and be forgotten.

Every so often, a single device's logs might be dug up by the engineer who has
written a `pull-logs-from-s3.py` to track down a bug that a customer had
reported.

Logs are great for local debugging, but at scale, they are incredibly difficult
to make sense of and provide useful data about an entire fleet of devices. You
can build it yourself[^logging_pipeline] or use your web team's favorite logging
aggregator, but both of those will cost many thousands of dollars in either
engineering resources or SaaS bills respectively.

> **Pros:** easy to implement, lots of data in logs<br> **Cons:** Data-intensive,

Reviewer: additional cons: battery / bandwidth intensive

thousands of devices into paper-weights.

Because of the risks attached to firmware updates, many organizations have
implemented "go, no-go" meetings and policies around them, and require metrics
to be gathered from internal and beta devices to predict the success of a
firmware update.

Below, I've listed a few of the metrics that we used at Pebble to determine
whether a release candidate was worthy of a production rollout or not.

### Crash Free Hours (or Days)

As mentioned above, gauge make it incredibly simple to detect the prevelance and
presence of an event across all devices of a fleet. Imagine you want to know
roughly how many crash-free hours there are in the last 24 hours on a particular
release.

By recording _whether the device faulted or crashed in the last hour_ in a gauge
metric, you can do this easily! The only two values of this metric, maybe
`kDeviceMetric_DidCrash`, are `0` and `1`, where `0` is it hasn't crashed and
`1` mean it has crashed in the last hour.

Let's imagine that we have 1,000 devices, and of the 24,000 heartbeats from all
devices in the last 24 hours, 2,000 of those reported a `1` (crashed).

```

>        number of crash hours

Author: Done!

of the relevant data, such as previous logs, backtraces of the currently running
threads, local variables, global variables, etc. and push all of this data to a
central server to be processed. These issues are then de-duplicated and
presented in a bug-tracker like fashion to the user.

These systems usually require an SDK to be shipped with the application. These
services must build and support an SDK that is written in the same language and
for the same framework as the application they are monitor.

For firmware, they would likely install hooks into the
[assert]({% post_url 2019-11-05-asserts-in-embedded-systems %}),
[fault]({% post_url 2019-11-20-cortex-m-fault-debug %}), and
[logging]({% post_url 2020-08-04-firmware-logs-stack-trace %}) handlers.

The beautiful thing about crash reporting tools is they are relatively easy to
integrate because the entry-points they hook into are standardized by the
language and frameworks. They also surface hard to reproduce or never before
seen issues easily and provide a wealth of data to fix the problem quickly.

Software services: Sentry[^sentry], Rollbar[^rollbar], Bugsnag[^bugsnag]<br>

> Firmware services: Memfault[^memfault]

Reviewer: just noting links don't render yet here

### Instantaneous State Monitoring

This is the category that most of today's "IoT monitoring solutions" fall into.
They assume a near-constant connection to the Internet and hold the state of
every device in the service.

Devices can either push this information whenever states change, at regular
intervals, or the remote server can pull data as well.

These systems ingest many of the system vitals that developers and managers want
to know, like heap usage, current battery life, or whether certain peripherals
are on or off. These values can be queried across the entire fleet or a subset
of devices, but trends or custom queries are more difficult.

For instance, attempting to query for the amount of time the Bluetooth radio is
on per day is nearly impossible, unless the infrastructure is **100% certain**

> that it received every state change event from the device related to Bluetooth.

Reviewer: maybe
```suggestion
that it received every state change event from the device.
```

The statistic of time-active is a critical measurement for embedded devices, and
is one of the best predictors of battery-life drain and performance.

### What About Embedded Systems?

Most of the above services or strategies listed above are not applicable to
constrained embedded systems. Save for Memfault and Percepio, most of the
solutions would require orders of magnitude more memory, CPU, power, and
Internet bandwidth.

There is hope though. We will explore how we can manage to get the most
important and actionable metrics out of embedded systems and gain an
understanding about how devices are performing in the field.

## Logging and Metrics

I want to quickly cover the difference and use-cases for two common forms of
data collected from systems: logs and metrics.

### Logs

Logs are immutable events that happened over time to a single device. They are
instrumental in debugging as they help a developer determine what happened
before and after issues occur.

Logs are usually forwarded from individual devices to a centralized data store

> such as S3, or to a log aggregator to be further transformed and processed.

Reviewer: probably ot: but I think elasticsearch based setups are also somewhat popular here too

Unfortunately, more often than not, the logs are ingested and forgotten about.

A developer might dig up a particular device's log files in response to a
customer support request, but that requires a `pull-logs-from-s3.py` script and
a decent amount of time to determine where the device behaved unexpectedly.

### Metrics

Metrics are a set of numbers that give information about a particular process or
activity. They are measured over intervals of time and are usually just numbers.

> This means that they pre-processed and more compact than logs, which means that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that they are pre-processed and more compact than logs, which means that
```

transitions. Let's try to calculate one of the important device metrics above,
Wi-Fi connected time per hour.

```
[E][11:30:00] Wi-Fi connected
[W][11:45:00] Wi-Fi disconnected, reason: -2
[I][12:30:00] Wi-Fi connected
```

This calculation is relatively easy assuming we are able to process logs
linearly. We see at 11:30 the device was connected to Wi-Fi, then disconnected
at 11:45, so the time connected this hour was 15 minutes.

Let's present a problem that happens all the time with embedded systems.

```
[E][11:30:00] Wi-Fi connected

# Wi-Fi disconnect event lost by device or in transport

[I][12:30:00] Wi-Fi connected
```

Oh no! A dropped log message.

Can we compute accurately how long the device was connected to Wi-Fi given the
information above? **No we can't**. We'd probably throw away this event during
processing or accidentally include it and say Wi-Fi was connected for the entire
hour.

We can do better.

### Do We Need Both?

Logs and metrics ultimately serve different purposes. You need logs to debug
hard to reproduce issues and to verify if a particular device has hardware
issues, and you need metrics to make informed product and business decisions.

> **Whether you transform logs into metrics or collect metrics directly in the

Reviewer: not sure the emphasis is necessary here but either way

manners mentioned in this article is up to you.**

## Collecting Data from Devices

> Embedded systems have quirks about them that make then more difficult to track

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Embedded systems have quirks which make them more difficult to track
```

than web applications or mobile phones. Connectivity is slow and unreliable,
timestamps are rarely accurate if they exist at all, and storage, CPU, RAM,
power, and bandwidth are all limited.

Due to these constraints, the solutions for how to capture, send, and receive
data from embedded systems tend to look very different compared to their
software counterparts.

Optimally, we want to build a metric and monitoring solution that can provide
all of the following benefits:

- Easy to implement
- Can measure "health" easily across the entire fleet, different firmware
  versions, and specific devices
- Minimal data, bandwidth and connectivity requirements
- Clock time not required
- Cost-effective infrastructure
- Useful even with 5 devices and can scale to 1000's+

We will go through each common approach to gathering monitoring data from

> devices and asses them on the above requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
devices and assess them on the above requirements.
```

### Plain Text Logging

The first solution that most companies deploy for remote device monitoring is to
piggy-back off of their existing UART-style logging setup that developers used
for local debugging. The programmer writes various logs that they think are
important.

```
[E][1598845590] Flash sector write error: 6
[W][1598845590] Wi-Fi disconnected, reason: -2
[I][1598845592] Battery status: 67%, 3574 mV
```

> The device firmware generates these logs and writes them to a RAM buffer and
> eventually flushed to persistent storage such as NOR flash in a circular buffer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The device firmware generates these logs, writes them to a RAM buffer and
eventually flushes them to persistent storage such as NOR flash in a circular buffer
```

fashion. Periodically, these logs are vacuumed up by the system and pushed (or

> pulled) to a central location,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pulled) to a central location.
```

> Every so often, a single device's logs might be dug up by the engineer who has
> written a `pull-logs-from-s3.py` to track down a bug that a customer had
> reported.

Reviewer: Since the pull-logs-from-s3 line is already above may change wording slightly
```suggestion
Every so often, a single device's logs might be manually dug up by the engineer to track down a bug that a customer had
reported.
```

Logs are great for local debugging, but at scale, they are incredibly difficult
to make sense of and provide useful data about an entire fleet of devices. You

> can build it yourself[^logging_pipeline] or use your web team's favorite logging

Reviewer: no link yet

> aggregator, but both of those will cost many thousands of dollars in either
> engineering resources or SaaS bills respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
aggregator. However, both of those approaches can become a significant cost in either
engineering resources or SaaS bills respectively.
```

> Logging will also generate an enormous about of data, which will in turn use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Logging will also generate an enormous amount of data, which will in turn use
```

more CPU and power, require more storage, cause more flash wear, and use more
bandwidth to send the data.

### Structured Logging

A close cousin to logging is structured logging. It is essentially a more-easily
parseable log-line, which helps pull out the structured bits, but doesn't help
you extract the useful data bits, such as the flash sector write error or
battery life measurement.

```json
{"level": "e", "time": 1598845590, "line": "Flash sector write error: 6"}
{"level": "w", "time": 1598845590, "line": "Wi-Fi disconnected, reason: -2"}
{"level": "i", "time": 1598845592, "line": "Battery status: 67%, 3574 mV"}
```

A structured log can take any serialized form, but the most common for embedded
systems are Protobuf, CBOR, or a custom binary packed C/C++ structure. Don't use
JSON, it's a waste of precious space.

Structured logging makes it easier for developers to build scripts around
viewing logs locally and might help with integration into a commercial log

> aggregator, but that is about it. It keeps with it all of the cons of plain text
> logging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
aggregator, but that is about it. It carries with it all of the cons of plain text
logging described above.
```

### Binary Logging

If more structure is desired, the next evolution is typically in the form of
binary logs or events. This will take each log-line and convert it into a
structure known by the service that parses the data.

```c

> typedef struct PACKED {

Author: Haha, I'll add it for you :D

to developers because it might mean they can _log even more_.

Although Protobuf solves many of the problems around parsing, keeping the
definitions in sync between device and server and always using the right one is
still a challenge. Another unfortunate truth about binary logging is that a
developer can no longer just connect to a UART and understand the logs.
**Scripts are required**.

### Heartbeats

A device heartbeat can be thought of as a periodic "pulse" sent from a device to
a monitoring service. The presence of the heartbeat alone can tell you whether a
device is functional or online, but it can also store device vitals and
statistics aggregated from the last time period. Devices that have a constant
connection to the Internet and either a powered connection or a large battery
might send a heartbeat every minute, and power-optimized devices might send one
every hour or each day.

Heartbeats differ from all of the other types mentioned above because the data
is pre-aggregated on the device. Instead of sending raw log data and having to
do stream processing on the logs to pull out metric data, we store the metric
directly on the device!

> > The below examples use the heartbeat library I mentioned
> > [here](#heartbeat-library-example)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The following examples use the heartbeat library I will go into more details about 
> [below](#heartbeat-library-example)
```

    const int32_t battery_delta = current_battery_pct - s_prev_battery_pct;
    device_metrics_set(kDeviceMetricId_BatteryLifeDrain, battery_delta);
}
```

<a name="wifi-ble-connectivity-metric"></a>

Recall the [difficult-to-calculate metric](#wifi-ble-connectivity-metric) of
Wi-Fi connected time per hour. It's easy when you count the time connected on
the device!

```c
static uint32_t s_wifi_ticks;

void wifi_connected_callback(void) {
    // Start timer when Wi-Fi connects
    device_metrics_timer_start(&s_wifi_ticks);
}

void wifi_disconnected_callback(void) {
    // Stop timer when Wi-Fi connects
    device_metrics_timer_end(kDeviceMetricWifiConnectedDuration
                            &s_wifi_ticks);
}
```

There is a critical rule to follow with heartbeats that make them work as well
as they do. After the individual metrics are collected from the device and a
heartbeat is packaged up, the **metric values aggregated from this interval are
cleared**. This means the next heartbeat will contain entirely new data not
based upon the previous interval.

> More information on resetting metrics for each heartbeat can be found
> [here](#resetting-data-for-each-heartbeat).

> **Pros:** Least amount of data sent, easily parsed by server, pre-aggregated for

Reviewer: maybe mention somewhere what format the data is being published in to the server? I imagine one would face similar challenges to what you mention in binary logging around serialization strategies

easier fleet metric analysis, can be pushed easily into a database or data
warehouse, no clock time necessary<br> **Cons:** Only alerts developers that
there _is_ a problem with a device or fleet (not how to fix it),

### Raw Data Types Summary

In summary, let's compare the methods of collecting data for use as metrics.

|                                  | Logging | Structured Logging | Binary Logging | Heartbeats |
| -------------------------------- | ------- | ------------------ | -------------- | ---------- |
| Easy to implement                | ✅      | ✅                 | ❌             | ✅         |

> | Fleet / version health           | ⚠️      | ⚠️                 | ⚠️             | ✅         |

Reviewer: Makes me wonder if we should mention somewhere its favorable to record a firmware version alongside the info collected.

EDIT: I see this now in a section below

| Minimal data and connectivity    | ⚠️      | ⚠️                 | ✅             | ✅         |
| Wall time not required           | ❌      | ❌                 | ❌             | ✅         |

> | Cheap / scalable infrastructure  | ❌      | ❌                 | ⚠️             | ✅         |

Reviewer: Alternatively, "Minimal Bandwidth Required"

```
  (3600 - 0) + (7200 - 3600) + (9000 - 7200)
+ (12600 - 9000) + (16200 - 12600) + (19800 - 16200)
= 19800 seconds

19800 seconds / 6 hours = 3,300 seconds per hour
```

See how that got a little messy quickly?

To compute this metric for the heartbeat data where the values are reset each
hour, we just add all the intervals and divide by the number of heartbeats

```
(3600 + 3600 + 1800 + 3600 + 3600 + 3600) / 6 = 3,300 seconds per hour
```

The real issue comes into play when we want to compute a particular metric
across all hours of a particular firmware version or group of devices. If every
hour's metric is based upon the previous hour's data, for every single device,
what happens if we miss a subset of heartbeats from a device?

Do we extrapolate the data across the missing points? Do throw out the remainder
of the device's session data until the device reboots? Maybe we should just
ignore devices that have missing data in our queries.

All of those are easily solved by just resetting the values for each heartbeat!
If a heartbeat doesn't have a complete interval recorded, just throw it out. In
the past, I've actually put this as a column in the database row,

> `is_full_hour`.

Reviewer: May just drop this part ... I think the mention below in extra metadata captures the idea

> In summary, if you ever imagine aggregating a metric across multiple devices, it
> should not be a continuous sum spanning multiple heartbeats.

Reviewer: MAYBE
```suggestion
In summary, if you ever imagine aggregating a metric across multiple devices, be sure to reset your metrics at the beginning of each interval.
```

### Extra Metadata to Include

Metrics are only useful if you can tie them back to a specific device, firmware
version, and possibly time.

Therefore, the following are what I suggest to capture and send up with every
heartbeat or each batch of heartbeats.

- **Firmware Version**: This should tie to one and only one firmware. Ideally a
  semantic version or a [build
  id]({% post_url 2019-05-29-gnu-build-id-for-firmware%}).
- **Device Serial Number**: You want to be able to type back heartbeats to the
  device they came from to do more fine-grained queries.

> - **Timestamp**: The timestamp interval the heartbeat relates to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Timestamp**: The timestamp interval the heartbeat relates to (when available).
```

  duration of the heartbeat interval. A device might reboot mid-way through a
  heartbeat interval, and you'll want to be able to either normalize this data
  or throw out incomplete heartbeat intervals from your queries.

## Metric Type Explanations

In this section, we'll go over the different types of metrics you are likely to
see in a dashboard built with a tool like Grafana[^grafana]. They map closely
and were inspired by the types from StatsD[^statsd_metrics].

I've also created a simplistic heartbeat metric library and example FreeRTOS
firmware to paint a picture of how this subsystem could work and to help inspire
you, the reader, as to what you could collect.
[Skip ahead to the code if you like](#heartbeat-library-example).

### Counters

Counters are the most basic type. They store an accumulated value for the
heartbeat duration which is reset at the end of the interval.

These metrics are useful for detecting changes in the usage patterns of the
device or its peripherals, and deltas in the number of errors devices are
experiencing between releases.

Metrics that would be perfect for **counters** could be the number of:

> - bytes sent/received over connectivity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- bytes sent/received over a devices transport path
```

- connectivity disconnect events
- flash bytes written
- flash sector erases
- mutex_lock failures
- display frames rendered per hour
- times a particular feature was used

Below are two examples of using counters. One counts the number of flash sectors
erased and the other the number of bytes sent by a BLE radio.

```c
void flash_sector_erase(uint16_t sector) {
    ...
    device_metrics_incr(kDeviceMetric_FlashSectorErases);
}

void ble_send(void *buf, size_t len) {
    ...
    device_metrics_incr_by(kDeviceMetric_BleBytesSent, len);
}
```

### Timed Counters

Timed Counters (or Timers in StatsD[^statsd]) are essentially counters
accumulated over the heartbeat interval, but they store the amount of time spent
in a particular state, rather than the number of times entering a state.

These metrics are **crucial** for estimating and detecting regressions in
performance, expected battery-life, and user-experience.

Some timed counters that I've found indispensable in the past include:

- CPU utilization

> - CPU asleep time

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- CPU sleep time
```

end of the hour.

Gauges are useful for obtaining a random sampling of system state and to easily
calculate the prevalence of an issue across all devices. Some useful metrics to
keep track of include:

- hour's battery life drain in the last hour
- current battery life
- current heap bytes used/free
- PC/LR from the last crash if it occurred within the hour
- hour's heap high-water mark (reset each hour!)
- hour's stack high-water mark (reset each hour!)
- whether a particular feature was used in the last hour
- whether the device faulted or crashed in the last hour

Below is a simple example of how to capture the battery life percentage delta
using the heartbeat library.

```c
static void prv_device_metrics_flush_callback(bool is_flushing) {
    static int32_t s_prev_battery_pct;

    if (is_flushing) {
        // End of heartbeat interval
        const int32_t current_battery_pct = battery_get_pct();
        const int32_t battery_delta = current_battery_pct - s_prev_battery_pct;
        device_metrics_set(kDeviceMetricId_BatteryLifeDrain, battery_delta);
    } else {
        // Start of heartbeat interval
        s_prev_battery_pct = battery_get_pct();
    }
}
```

> Gauges are simple but powerful. They are only limited by your creativity.

Reviewer: haha, good line

I've created an example heartbeat metrics library and an accompanying FreeRTOS
firmware which captures some metrics about the system (in a relatively contrived
but inspiring way).

You can find the library within the
[Interrupt Github repo](https://github.com/memfault/interrupt/blob/master/example/device-metrics).

The metrics in the example library stored in an `int32_t` array for simplicity,
but there are optimizations that can be made to store values of various lengths
or signedness. Assuming 4 bytes per metric, you can reasonably store hundreds of
different metrics in RAM at any one time and flush them to persistent storage
for when a data connection is available. If a device captures 256 metrics every
hour, that is only ~25kB of storage required per day or roughly 200 kB per week.
Given how critical this information is to detect issues, it is a fantastic use
of a couple of regions in your external flash chip.

### Heartbeat Library Design

I want to use this section to convince you that implementing heartbeats is a
relatively painless and worthwhile endeavor. Take the example library as an
inspiration, but do appreciate that it isn't far from Memfault's

> [production worthy equivalent](https://github.com/memfault/memfault-firmware-sdk/blob/master/components/metrics/src/memfault_metrics.c).

Reviewer: maybe a better landing: https://github.com/memfault/memfault-firmware-sdk/blob/3566178/components/metrics/include/memfault/metrics/metrics.h#L9-L28

Once again, the metric can be calculated easily assuming the
[Wi-Fi / BLE connectivity is tracked](#wifi-ble-connectivity-metric) within an
hourly heartbeat.

<div>
<span>$$\left(\frac{total\:time\:connected\:over\:all\:heartbeats}{\#\:of\:heartbeats}\right) \times 100$$</span>
<span>$$ = \textbf{ % connected hours}$$</span>
</div>

## What's Next?

In this article, I've primarily covered how to think about, track, and store
heartbeat metrics and how they compare against logging. I have completely
ignored how to get the metrics **off** of the device and into something that
developers and decision-makers can query. This is on purpose.

I imagine that every company has their favorite cloud vendor, their favorite
database or data warehouse, and systems in place around device and data privacy.
I could produce a one-off solution that a single developer could prop up
themselves, but collecting metrics and making business decisions from these
metrics is a problem that the entire company should be on board with.

Bring in an infrastructure engineer from your company into the conversations and
ask them how best to ingest and query these heartbeat metrics.

> If you'd rather just have someone else do it entirely, reach out to one of us at

Reviewer: maybe:
```suggestion
If you'd rather use a fully managed solution, reach out to one of us at
```

and then take the average of this delta over **all heartbeats** of the
particular release.

<div>
<span>$$\left(100 \div \frac{total\:battery\:pct\:drained\:over\:all\:heartbeats}{\#\:of\:heartbeats}\right)$$</span>
<span>$$ = \textbf{projected days battery life}$$</span>
</div>

### Wi-Fi / BLE Connected Hours

This is a crucial metric to track for devices that connect to a plethora of
Wi-Fi routers and mobile phones on various versions of iOS or Android. Knowing
from past experience, it seems like _anything_ can affect connectivity
performance and there are constantly regressions.

Once again, the metric is very easily to calculate assuming that the
[Wi-Fi / BLE connectivity is tracked](#wifi-ble-connectivity-metric) within an
hourly heartbeat.

<div>
<span>$$\left(\frac{total\:time\:connected\:over\:all\:heartbeats}{\#\:of\:heartbeats}\right) \times 100$$</span>
<span>$$ = \textbf{ % connected hours}$$</span>
</div>

## What's Next?

In this article, I've primarily covered how to think about, track, and store
heartbeat metrics and how they compare against logging. I have completely
ignored how to get the metrics **off** of the device and into something that

> developers and decision-makers can query. This is on purpose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
developers and decision-makers can query. This is on purpose as it merits an article of its own.
```

> I imagine that every company has their favorite cloud vendor, their favorite
> database or data warehouse, and systems in place around device and data privacy.
> I could produce a one-off solution that a single developer could prop up
> themselves, but collecting metrics and making business decisions from these
> metrics is a problem that the entire company should be on board with.
> 
> Bring in an infrastructure engineer from your company into the conversations and
> ask them how best to ingest and query these heartbeat metrics.

Reviewer: Might try to capture some of the challenges/difficulties instead
```suggestion
Some of the things that will need to be addressed include:
* what the transport path & protocol looks like
* how to efficiently ingest the data
* what database / data warehouse to use
* how to scale the solution as your fleet grows
* how to visualize the data at the device and fleet level
* how to alert on the data collected
```

If you'd rather just have someone else do it entirely, reach out to one of us at
Memfault. We'd be happy to guide you in the right direction and suggest a
solution, whether it's our solution or not.

## Conclusion

<!-- Interrupt Keep START -->

> {% include newsletter.html %}

Reviewer: idea: maybe we should make these entire boxes a link (instead of just "Subscribe" & "Github", respectively)

Author: I like it!
